well all that suffering in Gaza and the
public outpouring of support has forced
some politicians to speak out as I
mentioned the Deputy Prime Minister of
Belgium has called for sanctions against
Israel and Spain's minister of social
rights aona balara is calling on her
government to cut all ties with
Israel our point of view which has
remained quite clear over the past few
weeks is that the Israeli state must end
this planned genocide against the
Palestinian people we think it is very
important people know the context of
what is happening in this month of
massive bombing of the civilian
population of children murdered this is
happening in a context in which Israel
has carried out a decades long policy of
illegal occupation of the land of the
Palestinian people stealing houses
killing people mistreating and torturing
some prisoners in Israeli
prisons in this context it seems
important that the international
community and particularly the European
Union take a firm position and says stop
to the Israeli government and
particularly Netanyahu because if the
Israeli government is able to do this it
is because they enjoy total impunity in
the International Community thanks to
having a very strong alliance with the
United States we need the International
Community to react and respond to what
is undoubtedly a global threat to
democracy because if they're doing this
to the palestin people today they can do
it to anybody in the
future there is a deafening Silence of
so many countries and so many political
leaders who could do something let me
speak about what I know well the
European Union it seems to me that the
display of hypocrisy which the European
commission is showing is unacceptable
there is the comparison with the Ukraine
war and the fast action which the EU
took imposing sanctions against Putin
and his Circle while the legal invasion
was taking place in Ukraine they reacted
in this case I believe we're losing the
opportunity at the moment we could do
lots of things economic sanctions on
Netanyahu and his political Circle
prosecute before the international
criminal court all the politicians
responsible for pushing the button and
carrying out these massive bombardments
on the civilian populations and what is
a flagrant breach of Human Rights the
hospitals schools and people of the
United Nations cannot be the object of
attacks I think we can do many things
I'm demanding my country and other
countries break diplomatic relations
with Israel I think this would send the
right political message which is we
don't want to have anything to do with a
war criminal like this leader